<h1>MySnack</h1>
<h3>INF124 Project – Group 2</h3>
<p>Peter Zeng - 72842271</p>
<p>Joey Khanh Le - 21142455</p>
<p>Eric Dong Chen - 63859984</p>

============================================================
<br>
Our website contains:

1) src folder: 
	<p><strong>Requirement #1:</strong> All of our Product Category Pages are generated by the servlet AllProductsServlet with the url-pattern /all-products. This servlet will call a query to the database to get all the products stored in the products and images tables. Inside the AllProductsServlet uses RequestDispatcher's include method to include the OrderHistoryServlet with the url-pattern /order-history. The HttpSession will keep the user_id so if a user makes a purchase, they can see their recently bought items when going back to the home page by clicking to the button "Back to homepage". Below the list of products, there is a section called "Most recently bought items". If the user does not make any purchase, this part won't show anything. If they made a purchase, this section will display the list of 5 products that they just bought => this is generated by the OrderHistoryServlet. User will also be able to give each order a rating from 1 to 5. This order history page will only show up after the users have made one or more purchases.</p>

	<p><strong>Requirement #2:</strong> As mentioned above in requirement #1 description, all product detail pages are generated by a single servlet ProductInfoServlet with the url-pattern /product-info. Each product details page is provided a product id and is assembled with the related product information retrieved from the ecommerce database's product table given the provided product id. In each product details page is an "Add to Cart" button, which when clicked, stores the item information such as product id and the selected amount of items into a HttpSession and this is a HashMap<String, ArrayList<String>>.The shopping cart page is generated by the servlet ShoppingCartServlet.</p>

	<p><strong>Requirement #3:</strong> After a user visit the product detail page, there is a symbol with the blue button labeled shopping cart on the right side to click,  this will take them to the checkout page. The checkout page is generated by the servlet CheckoutServlet. At this, user is allowed to input personal information, card information. When they are ready they can click the "SUBMIT" button. The  order informatin is then stored into the ecommerce databases.  All sql statements use prepared statements to prevent sql injection. Upon completion of order processing and order record insertion, the CheckOutServlet uses RequestDispatcher's forward method, to forward the http request to the OrderDetailServlet with the url-pattern /OrderDetailServlet. In the OrderDetailServlet, the order confirmation is generated and displayed.</p>
  
    <p><strong>Requirement #4:</strong> At the product info page the user will see the "Shopping Cart" button, once user clicks on this button they will be redirected to the checkout page. At the top of the checkout page it will display all the items in the shopping cart and there is also a button to clear the cart. If there are items in the cart, user can fill out shipping and billing information and place the order. Then the user will be "forward" to the order detail page, which contains the summary about the order that was just made by the user.</p>

2) WebContent folder:
+ This folder includes the html, css, and js files that make the front-end of the website. 
	++ index.html / index.css / index.js ==> these are the files for the homepage of the site
	++ product-info.html/ product-info.css/ product-info.js: these file for the detail of a product. 
	++ shopping-cart.html/ shopping-cart.css/shopping-cart.js ==> these files are for the cart detail page. This page allow users to see what products and the amount of products that they're buying. 
	++ order-page.html/ order-page.css/order-page.js ==> these files are for the checkout page of the site. This page allows user to fill in their personal information, card information to buy the products. 
	
+ resource folder: includes all the pictures(source: unsplash.com) used on the website. 
3) MySql
  This folder contains the sql file that we used to create the tables and populate them.<br>
  Moreover, in order to run the project, there are setups in mysql that need to be followed (to create a user and set the password for that user)<br>
    <ol>
      <li> First type <code>mysql -u root -p</code> and enter the password for your mysql root user to login to mysql</li>
      <li> Then type <code>CREATE USER 'mytestuser'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY 'My6$Password';</code> to add a new user called <code>mytestuser</code></li>
      <li> Then type <code>GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON * . * TO 'mytestuser'@'localhost';</code> to grant all priveleges to that user</li>
      <li> Finally type <code>quit;</code> to quit mysql</li>
    </ol>
    The above commands do not have to be followed, if you do not want to create a new user, but you need to go to the <code>context.xml</code> file under <code>WebContent/META-INF</code> to change the username and password for mysql.
